Donita McClintic: Hello.
Donita McClintic: How are you this morning.
Richelle Direny: I'm good, how are you
Tired.
Richelle Direny: You know what here out. I don't know how it is there, but here it's kind of one of those days where it is, um,
Richelle Direny: it's gloomy outside
Donita McClintic: Yeah, it's called. It's like cold and rainy here.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so welcome.
Richelle Direny: Me outside like it's about to rain.
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes, here it will look like it's about to rain and it doesn't
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Kind of the setup right now. So, um, it's just one of those
Richelle Direny: It's, it's that type of weather, where the setup, it's like, Okay, it's time to go back and curl up in bed.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yes.
Donita McClintic: I agree.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, it's kind of chilly here and rainy looks like it's going to rain again.
Richelle Direny: Um, well, you know,
Richelle Direny: With the with the with the brain is good. So like for us it's, you don't necessarily want so much rain only because it gives you, um,
Richelle Direny: You, you can't really do a whole lot. When it's raining.
Richelle Direny: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: But then the grass likes it. The trees likes it.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, right. Well, right now I don't because it's kind of flooded.
Donita McClintic: I mean it's kind of like saturated in it.
Donita McClintic: But yeah
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I took a walk in the rain last night, I walked up to my sister's house with my little cousin Kayla, we walked up the road for dinner.
Richelle Direny: Hopefully, don't get sick.
Now,
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me pull up your
Donita McClintic: Your, your, your first meeting for today.
Richelle Direny: You're my young
Donita McClintic: Well, good.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Actually, you're going to be here this morning.
Donita McClintic: You guys still in the on the stay in place the order down there.
Richelle Direny: Um, so, yes. And apparently no so the state of Florida. There are places where they're
Richelle Direny: They're removed. They've lifted it but then the
Richelle Direny: Apparently,
Richelle Direny: The
Richelle Direny: There are other like with the county that I'm in. So like I'm in South Florida.
Richelle Direny: You look at the map, you have length of North Central and South. So I'm in the south part and here in the counties that I'm in like the
Richelle Direny: Three Southern most counties, I would say, maybe. Yeah. No, but I'm apparently we're still on what now because we still have a high number of cases and deaths.
Donita McClintic: And all of that. So,
Richelle Direny: But then the other piece of it is, it's like when you think about it, the other pieces in Florida is what are those States when they call it the sunshine, say for a reason.
Richelle Direny: They call it the sunshine state, because a lot of you get a lot of
Richelle Direny: Seasonal travelers. Yeah, especially the senior population comes to Florida in the winter so they don't have to deal with a cold. So with that being said, you also have a lot of nursing homes. You have a lot of, you know, back
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: And you remember in the beginning of it. You heard of
Richelle Direny: A lot of people were dying or your senior population in nursing homes and what have you. So
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: You find that, like, especially in these counties.
Richelle Direny: Especially in the county that I'm in in Palm Beach County. You do have a lot of nursing homes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and in Miami and and
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, so that well that's at least what my husband said that these three counties, at least, is still on that stay at home. Warner.
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah I know the Ohio. My sister's that cuz she's a nurse and she said yesterday, we went from 700 to 900 like in a day like 900 and something so
Richelle Direny: Here you are.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah. And one day we went from we gained like 200 people that has died in the whole state.
Richelle Direny: Now, where I live, we only in my county, there was
Donita McClintic: Two cases. But one of them already. They didn't die, but they they got through it. But so we still have one case here in our county
Donita McClintic: But yeah, it's scary.
Richelle Direny: Then so
Donita McClintic: The other part of it is that
Richelle Direny: It, which, in my opinion, to some degrees, a little bit disturbing because only because
Richelle Direny: You know all of the cases.
Richelle Direny: So there's the one thing and like I've seen this a lot like going around, is that you have people who are
Richelle Direny: You know, like, there's the ones that only focus on the number of deaths.
Richelle Direny: And then you have people who they are recognizing that knowledge, the number of deaths, but then they don't allow that fear to consume them when you compare it to the number which is
Richelle Direny: Right, a higher number of people who have recovered.
Donita McClintic: Right, so
Richelle Direny: It's a vast difference in the recovered it to the deaths.
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah. The news is depressing, because that's all they focus on is the desk. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's the debt and then it
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's kind of like I say to you,
Richelle Direny: Don Ina well don't worry about the fact that you are, you know, separated out from your husband, but then I'm all about
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: So like
Richelle Direny: I'll be fearful because it's not that bad. What
Richelle Direny: You know, another yeah people died again like six states.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, how are you going to tell me not to be fearful. But then the next thing out of your mouth is telling me how many more people die.
Donita McClintic: Like yeah yeah
Donita McClintic: So I would, I'm afraid of is when they start opening stuff back up is people, they think that wouldn't
Donita McClintic: Some people was thinking that it's over it's like it's not over. It's not ever going to be over.
Donita McClintic: You still have to. Yeah, so that's scary too because
Richelle Direny: You're gonna have to watch. But then remember now you have all these other illnesses that has
Richelle Direny: This
Richelle Direny: World is with
Richelle Direny: It's not without any type of any form of
Richelle Direny: Right, all of the different you have a one in one, this around, you have a bowl of ethical around Corona has also been a part of that path of building has always been around.
Richelle Direny: I'm sure the Spanish influence is still around.
Richelle Direny: You have the regular flu, that's still around maybe why they highlighted so much more. It's because they really don't have the treatment or the cure for it. So they don't understand it.
Richelle Direny: But Ryan it that they come up with vaccines and everything else. Guess what is going right into that pile of
Richelle Direny: illnesses that so
Richelle Direny: Are we without the flu know are we without a bola
Richelle Direny: Know, are we without Zico
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean, we have all of its still around and we, we, and even like with the Zico with this, the whole mosquito thing and like when that came about, I don't know how it was there but like here, they really encourage women don't get pregnant. Don't get
Donita McClintic: Yes, yes, it was like that here too. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like don't get pregnant. Don't get pregnant because like if you get pregnant. This is just kind of how your maybe kick them out.
Richelle Direny: And I'm like okay well I just went to the grocery store the other day, and that guy looked at the exact description of what you said that person, baby. So that means that mosquito has been around.
Richelle Direny: For years ago.
Right.
Donita McClintic: Mosquitoes around it is cold.
Richelle Direny: So now.
Richelle Direny: You have, um, did the mosquitoes go away.
Richelle Direny: No, they're still here, but are we
Richelle Direny: In a panic over the mosquito.
Richelle Direny: Right, so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, especially I think you like in the summer. I know here especially I think here in the summer, like when it gets hot, and the humidity is high and all of that.
Richelle Direny: That's especially when you get to see a lot of the mosquitoes and we're not looking at them as adults, like they over here chillin out it. So there's just so many different things. But again,
Donita McClintic: You know they were talking about the mosquitoes, like, you know, for this year. Can they if they bite. Somebody can they come and give you the corona from, you know,
Richelle Direny: They were
Donita McClintic: Yeah, they were talking about that on the news. One day here about, you know, could people get that from whatever. Yeah, it's been, I don't watch the news. I know.
Richelle Direny: But then again, it goes back to you have to really truly think about, like, what is it that you're because let's be honest, if a mosquito can bite me who have Corona, and then turn around and bite you. Now what if I had a Chevy
Richelle Direny: And if it right
Richelle Direny: Because remember, when they do, they suck your blood.
Richelle Direny: And that they came to you.
Richelle Direny: Right. It's the same concept.
Donita McClintic: Same thing. Yep.
Richelle Direny: It's the same car mosquito go around biting their body.
Richelle Direny: And they might. Yeah. And then they come around and they aren't you yeah and and it's funny because they have all of these movies that they that describes like all of like when you think about Ant Man Not Ant Man like the walk. There is this one the fly. You remember that.
Donita McClintic: Lie. Yeah, I get help.
Richelle Direny: It gives you like a description of what a flight does
Donita McClintic: When yes
Richelle Direny: But then hey you know what a flight just pitched on my stuff. He did his business and I turned it
Richelle Direny: Now you think about if he came and he did that he, it must have that he came and regurgitated or your food, but you still turn right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: It's like when you think that's the thing, like when you think about
Richelle Direny: Fear, you have to think about how fear confuses you ultimately
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It confuses the crap out of you and you're so now confused that you're not really truly making rational decisions.
Richelle Direny: Right now you're operating out of fear, which now turns into confusion. Now you're making all of these things. And if you were only supposed to stop and you're like, what
Richelle Direny: Is true with. It doesn't mean
Donita McClintic: Anything. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And that's just how you have to look at it because yeah
Donita McClintic: Well, my mom was talking about because she raises dogs and whatever. And she said, the dogs get a Corona shot like when you give your dog like before she would sell puppies. They get a shot for the coronavirus it might not be the same.
Donita McClintic: Like how this is like coven 19 or something, but they do get a shot for coronavirus a house come it's taking them so long and there has
Donita McClintic: Been some dogs.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, there has been some dogs that have it now. Like there's a family. I think in Kentucky that like to the kids have it and their dog has it.
Richelle Direny: But then I thought that human illnesses does necessarily, I mean, I do know that get certain, but it just displays a little bit different in that, but then think about it, to think about it, when you read a lot of these things that we use a lot of it does say animal testing.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: So then, remember we're using a lot of these products that says it's been animal wasn't human tested.
Donita McClintic: Right. I know they do a lot of monkeys. I love monkeys.
Donita McClintic: I said I was going to come to Florida. So I could get a monkey.
Richelle Direny: And you think about. That's why you have so much animal activists because of what we
Richelle Direny: Have animals we test it, but then animals and in in humans, their DNA and everything. They're just their genetic makeup is not exactly sure, there may be some similarities
Richelle Direny: Because I've been doing it for years, but I am sure it's not 100%
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: But it just comes down to, you have to
Richelle Direny: It really just comes down to you having to
Richelle Direny: Be mindful of the information that you feed yourself and how much of it you feed yourself.
Donita McClintic: Because
Richelle Direny: The more I feed it to you.
Richelle Direny: The more you start it takes you all always the one in the minute you get it here, like, okay. But the more I key.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Then you get so confused and you don't know what to believe.
Richelle Direny: Is like this. SOUND So true. That sounds so true. This sound so true. So what exactly am I listening to
Richelle Direny: So you guys have to for your own personal mentor.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, just try don't watch the
Donita McClintic: News yeah I quit watching it like a couple weeks ago is depression is yeah I know I gotta wash my hands. Don't touch my face when I'm in town, stuff like that. Like, I got it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I got that far. Yeah, exactly that. That is the truth.
Richelle Direny: And so it's it's it's the funniest thing because like the other night.
Richelle Direny: I finished working. I said to myself, oh. Let's, um, you know, it was really late and I'm like, I'm not about like it's not happening.
Richelle Direny: Like I did this whole. Well, everybody's eating cereal for dinner tonight and
Richelle Direny: I said that I said, you know, so then you know my husband said, oh, let's you know, we'll just go Wendy's and get something
Richelle Direny: All right, no problem with the school Wendy's and buy something off of the little $4 menu or whatever.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But think about it.
Richelle Direny: You only become fearful when you are knowledgeable about some things right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're not fearful. Otherwise, you only become fearful when you're knowledgeable about something.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but then we go on Wednesdays and the people had on the mask. Literally, this is how it was.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I did. What's the point
Richelle Direny: Or they have it under here and
Richelle Direny: Then they then then they only had gloves on one hand
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So I'm sitting in. I'm looking at this whole transaction and I'm saying
Richelle Direny: Then they say, okay, well, the dining part is closed. So you can't come in the dining, but regardless of the fact is, you're not very protected.
Richelle Direny: You don't have the mask over
Richelle Direny: You don't have the gloves on both hands and you're not changing the gloves.
Donita McClintic: Right, that's the thing, changing them. Yeah. So you probably still ate cereal.
Richelle Direny: Because then I still went. I was there I bought this stuff and everything. So then
Richelle Direny: The reality of it is if you're ordering food or no matter what it is.
Richelle Direny: You say, protect yourself. But the reality is, are you truly protecting yourself. And I mean, I've heard medical professional says you know when it's when it's all said and done, the gloves has a whole lot more bacteria on it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you're better off just washing
Donita McClintic: Washing your hands. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Just what just wash your hands.
Richelle Direny: Yep. And that's it. So, but, again, fear, it's like the word fear if you stop and you think about it, it's think about, you know, like I said, You're only
Richelle Direny: Um, you become more fearful when you get knowledge about certain
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Think about a baby. I learned this when I was younger. My grandmother
Richelle Direny: If a if a baby falls, the baby doesn't immediately cry when they fall it's your they look at you.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And you're like,
Richelle Direny: That one. And as soon as they see your reaction. What did they do.
Donita McClintic: They start crying. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And why is it because now they got the knowledge that oh I'm supposed to be fearful. So now I'm going to start squealing
Richelle Direny: And then so, and I remember that. And I remembered it from a child, where I was something where the baby had fell on the side of the bed or something like that. And I remind remember my grandmother, she said.
Richelle Direny: And she's like, she starts smiling and laughing and pre that traffic, get out of the funnel that nature.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm looking at it like I'm sure to hurt.
Richelle Direny: Hurt.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, but that makes sense.
Richelle Direny: You understand
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's because of our knowledge of something we become fearful and then we act upon that fear and when we become knowledgeable of this fear we lose all sensibility to everything because I'm just thinking about whatever I'm being fed
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and
Donita McClintic: Well, nobody. I mean, the only yesterday in our group that one woman said that she heard her husband had had a had it like that was scary.
Donita McClintic: Like I've got not known anybody to like have been in the girl in the group. Yesterday I forget her name because that's, I mean, that's a new group for me, but she said her and her husband had it.
Richelle Direny: Wasn't it was talking about.
Donita McClintic: Our the group, we had yesterday with Dr. Jamison
Donita McClintic: The group.
Richelle Direny: The group.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah, I was in there.
Richelle Direny: Thinking like you're with a group or to him I another day.
Richelle Direny: What did
Donita McClintic: We had to change it because I knew other people
Richelle Direny: So she changed you to the
Donita McClintic: Tennessee group. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And somebody said that
Richelle Direny: Ya know, I think she
Richelle Direny: I thought she said that she heard her husband, they were sick. They didn't say that they had the
Donita McClintic: She said that she had it. That's what I thought. She said,
Richelle Direny: Oh, I think she
Donita McClintic: Was okay.
Richelle Direny: I think you're you're talking about you, Angela. I think
Donita McClintic: Maybe, yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, one that was talking about. She watches, um,
Donita McClintic: Oh, the people on YouTube to help her get through day you guys was talking about him yesterday.
Donita McClintic: Yes, he was. Oh, OK. OK. OK. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, they said that they were sick, they were
Richelle Direny: Okay, we're
Richelle Direny: Okay, I hadn't really had anyone in any group, since this started that specifically said that they've had the Chrome or they've been
Richelle Direny: So corona. I've had people say that they're really sick and they thought they had it. But when they got tested.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it was just regular like and that's how I even learned about that they have this new flu virus that's out call influence a beat. I'm like, wow.
Donita McClintic: I didn't know that either.
Richelle Direny: What is that, so I'm
Richelle Direny: Old, but I haven't had anybody, but they've just said that they've been really sick. And that's why I said she had been really sick and she hasn't had
Richelle Direny: That's why she hasn't been in her. She said she was really sick. But either way, I mean, you know, again, I think it's just
Richelle Direny: And that's part of the reason like even in group and and everything else, like I check in with people, not so much more about, like, do you get it or not, it's more about the mental health aspect of it.
Richelle Direny: Right. Where are you feeding yourself with don't if that is watching the news is putting stress on you. Then stop.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Richelle Direny: I'm not saying don't watch it at all.
Richelle Direny: I'm just saying. Right. And that was when I
Richelle Direny: See somebody else.
Donita McClintic: Limit and that's how I do it that. Yeah, that's exactly how I do it because
Donita McClintic: I will get consumed in it and I can't like I worry about things that I can have no control over it and I can't do it. So I I limit myself. Yep. That's exactly what I do.
Richelle Direny: And the word that she uses is absolutely important. It makes you get so consumed with things you have no control over yeah and and this is the thing and and what this has proven to all of us.
Richelle Direny: Is that we have very, very limited control. We think we have full control, but we don't because here it is that they're saying like, we don't really understand this virus.
Richelle Direny: And what do you mean you when you say that you don't really understand as far as. Think about it. You're saying to me that
Richelle Direny: First you're saying it was contact precautions.
Richelle Direny: Now you're saying it's airborne. So where are the mask wear gloves were all these protective devices, but now you're saying, well, we don't really know how much that's really protecting you. Because all these people that are using all of these protective gears. They're still contracting
Richelle Direny: And so now you're saying this. So now you got me on the roller coaster. Like, I don't know what, what am I really supposed to really truly do
Richelle Direny: Yeah, then it comes down to what do we all know about corona.
Richelle Direny: We have very limited control, really, truly. Don't you understand
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: You know, for me it's trusting. It's having faith.
Richelle Direny: Right, that's and that's what it comes down to.
Richelle Direny: Having faith.
Richelle Direny: Being positive and applying that whole word being positive in the right way, you're being you're not speaking death to anything you're speak.
Richelle Direny: Life life.
Donita McClintic: Life. Right.
Richelle Direny: You're speaking life and you're just saying you're not going to be careless.
Richelle Direny: You're going to be, you're not going to be going to wash your hands are going to practice for hygiene, you're going to do all of that, by all means you're going to do all of that, you're not going to walk around here thinking that you want touchable.
Right.
Donita McClintic: Right.
Richelle Direny: You know, you, you may not get grown up, but you may get something else.
Donita McClintic: Right, right, for sure. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: So, same thing with people with cancer. Like, wouldn't I think with people that get cancer. Like if you gotta gotta fight to. I'm not going to say to
Donita McClintic: Because there is no cure for cancer, but to like get through it like I think people that stay positive and whatever. I think they live longer.
Donita McClintic: But wait, if you hear the word cancer, you know, a lot of people automatically give up and then it's you know my grandma died in like
Donita McClintic: Three months to the day we told her she had cancer and she was gone, but I just, yeah, I just think like I watched it thing on Patrick Swayze, the other day, and they said he had stage four pancreatic cancer. And he lived two years after he was diagnosed with that.
Donita McClintic: That's
Donita McClintic: that's unheard of. But he stayed away thought he was going to beat it. You know, he thought he was the one exception, but
Richelle Direny: He did so that
Richelle Direny: Alex Trebek.
Richelle Direny: So this Alex Yeah. That's right, I forgot about that. Yeah, it's
Richelle Direny: Like I'm here. And if you think that's good. Yeah, I'm you're being positive you're speaking right
Richelle Direny: Right. But you know we we do know that when I was. That's one of the most aggressive, for sure.
Richelle Direny: You may beat it. Yes. Because I've heard of people beating it but then I've also heard if it comes back.
Richelle Direny: Right. No, there is no
Richelle Direny: The hope is very limited and I've seen that where it came back in the person died.
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: But again, you have to
Richelle Direny: Hear what a person saying
Richelle Direny: And process it.
Richelle Direny: Because yeah, I've learned that people don't tell you the full details.
Donita McClintic: No, they don't.
Richelle Direny: They don't listen. Think about it. I'm your child and we go to the doctor's office you step out and I stepped in. I only tell you what I want you to know. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm not telling you everything
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You understand and the part that I'm not telling you, maybe was key information for you to know. But you don't know that you're only going to repeat what I told you.
Richelle Direny: So that you're going to think oh
Richelle Direny: You know, but then hey, maybe the doctor told me I had stage four cancer and that if I had come in six months ago when I was feeling X y&z
Richelle Direny: I should have. But I'm not going to tell you that because then I don't want to tell. I don't want to
Richelle Direny: Show you my weakness, and I don't want to hear. You tell me. I told you so.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: So there's so many different factors that's involved in it. So you I've learned along the way to, like, okay, you know, that's like I've had someone who's passed away of cancer, but that was their second bout of cancer.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I also know that when they were diagnosed, um, they were told we can try, but there's not a whole lot
Richelle Direny: That can be out. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so if you know if I don't say all of those key pieces you just think oh wow there is no but then hey, they've went through it before.
Richelle Direny: Right. And there's in because of the fact that they went through it before and they went through everything. Their body can't with the second about their body cannot sustain the degree of treatment.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that was once given because of whatever the situation and so therefore the second time around. They were not able to beat it because they weren't able to get the degree of treatment or the
Richelle Direny: Level of treat and they got the first time.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Cuz that's those tears, your body down
Richelle Direny: Yes. Here's your body gambling down so your body can't handle it again.
Richelle Direny: Right. So now this person passed the when you're think little see up there that proves to me that you can't be cancer. No.
Richelle Direny: That's right.
Richelle Direny: They couldn't beat it. It's that they've had it before and their body can't
Richelle Direny: Sustain the same treatment that it did the first time and
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You know, so those are key things. So that's why you learn
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You just have to learn
Richelle Direny: You learn you remember I tell you in life. You're learning so much. You're always learning you're learning from different people. But in your learning
Richelle Direny: It stopping and really process when a person is saying and just start applying that God given ability to really try to make sense out of things like you know
Richelle Direny: Yeah, even make sense. And how do you know if something makes sense. There's that inner man. That same to some don't seem right about when she just said.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you know, I mean something right there's that internal person is saying, Donna. You know, I'm not. I'm old. I want to drink. Everything that person says, you know, because there's something doesn't seem listen to that because if you listen to that.
Richelle Direny: inner man is going to take you down the path for you to find the truth. If you're willing
Richelle Direny: To learn it.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yep. I believe that with everything like my stomach. My gut tells me everything I need to know. Yeah, I learned that a long time ago, this to the guy.
Donita McClintic: Cuz it's telling. Yeah, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're right that would they say that it's a mother's intuition we gotta you know you don't worry
Donita McClintic: Yeah. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Don't worry, I got
Donita McClintic: That too. Yeah, yeah.
Donita McClintic: I have that also
Richelle Direny: So it's, um,
Donita McClintic: You know, if I try to say yesterday, I just tried to see the good in everything, because I've
Donita McClintic: Focused on the negative and the bad for so long. I just, I don't want to do that anymore because it doesn't get you anywhere. It doesn't get you anywhere so I will try to find the good in something and focus on that.
Donita McClintic: And that's how I've been doing since well here since I left my husband. Anyway, I've been doing a whole lot better. I mean, I feel great. It's just, I love it. It's a totally different. I feel like I'm a different person.
Richelle Direny: That so that definitely sounds like it's it's your how it's helping you to build your self confidence and one of your goals.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So let's talk a little bit about I know yesterday. Like, even in group now that you said that I remember when you were about to share, we just tried to look at the good in everything.
Richelle Direny: To me it seemed like your spirit was just a down a little bit, as if you had like a challenging day yesterday.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I did.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: A little bit more about that.
Donita McClintic: Just my okay my son's dad.
Donita McClintic: He got into an argument with his other son, and he's kind of like came out here and stayed at my mom's for a few days or whatever. And he just getting on my nerves. So
Donita McClintic: I just get aggravated with it so
Richelle Direny: Just that this is not sure this is not, this is not my husband. No.
Donita McClintic: No, it's not my husband, but we were together for 10 years or something like that. And he's still like my best friend them. We are. I could tell him anything, but I think that since he thinks I'm not with my husband anymore that he
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I'm like, no.
Donita McClintic: No, that didn't work.
Donita McClintic: That many years ago, we're not doing that now.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, so just that kind of stuff was gone. I mean, just trying to figure all that out. And, you know, wanting to help him but he's he's trying to get an apartment. But there's a process and where you can't get. I don't know. So that was what was yesterday, but
Richelle Direny: Seemed like there was a little
Richelle Direny: Damn financier I was also I was also new in the group. So I was kinda try a little bit
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Shy because I was new to the group.
Donita McClintic: Okay, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so what about um
Richelle Direny: Now I know you said like, even though you guys are friends because one of the things that you that you on that you said that I highlighted I recommended that you put what was saying that I told you to put down as your own daily reminder
Donita McClintic: That I want I choose life and I want to live.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Donita McClintic: And I got it.
Richelle Direny: And that's
Richelle Direny: When you really think about your situation in your circumstance. That's a loaded statement because every decision and everything that you do.
Richelle Direny: has to come from what that line means to you not to everybody else but to you, Donny, because you know what your yesterday, looks like you know what your storm was when you were in it.
Richelle Direny: And now that you're seeing the path, a little bit clear, you're saying in this path that you can see I'm choosing life, which means that I'm choosing me
Donita McClintic: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: And that's simply what that first part of it. I'm choosing life means that I'm choosing me
Richelle Direny: I want to live means that I want to experience life. I want to see what life has to offer. The ups and the downs, whatever it is. I want to see that. And I want to invoice it
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so anyone that comes in my path if they're not helping me choose me and to lift me up. You don't really belong here.
Donita McClintic: Right. Yeah. And he kind of brings me down because I know how he feels and whatever. And I don't feel that way. And then I seemed like sitting over there side and whatever. And I'm like, I can't do that like
Donita McClintic: You're bringing me down you go out to do. Yeah, so I'm kind of like in a spot there. But other than that, I mean I've talked to him about it but
Donita McClintic: I just can't.
Richelle Direny: But if you're a we're that he is for where you are and what you're working on, because what are the your, your other goals. You did say was working on the relationship with your parents.
Donita McClintic: Parents
Richelle Direny: Yeah we building that relationship. So that also comes along with that statement of I am choosing life because choosing life choosing repairing that relationship with your parents. And so you're aware that, you know, we're friends. We have a child. Together we have history together.
Richelle Direny: But at the same time right now in this place that I am in repairing me
Richelle Direny: Um, I find that you and whatever is going on with you is making me sad and depressed or whatever. So then therefore I've accepted that walking away is okay.
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, that's good.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, that's what I need to do. I lost my pin.
Donita McClintic: And I got it right.
Donita McClintic: I'm a writer. I take notes.
Donita McClintic: I got back through these notes. I will. I'll go. It's like, because we see each other every two weeks. Yeah, why don't have another moment I go back through my notes and it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It literally is being aware of how something or someone is making you feel being aware of the emotions is what you're becoming aware of
Richelle Direny: I'm having this emotion, what is causing me to have this emotion, being aware of it and accepting and being okay with the decision that you made if it means walking away from a person if it means saying that I cannot be a part of this situation, it's being okay with that.
Richelle Direny: Exciting you being okay with it. Because what are you choosing
Donita McClintic: Life. I'm choosing me
Donita McClintic: That's it, yeah. Now,
Richelle Direny: Does it make you a very, it doesn't make you selfish or self centered or mean
Donita McClintic: Know,
Richelle Direny: Who says that choosing a
Donita McClintic: Night. Yeah. Yeah. I don't care if it does, because I'm yeah I'm allowed to
Donita McClintic: To feel that way about myself and ultimately this is what choosing me says
Richelle Direny: I want to learn how to love me.
Right.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: That was I've done that for a long time there. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Into motion.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: A long time. Right, I'm starting to yeah but it's been a long time. I've been hard on myself for a long time and I haven't. You're the first person that I've opened up to about it and
Donita McClintic: And I feel so much better. It's like I could breathe. Like, that's how I feel like it just, yeah. When I first told you about like the overdose and stuff. I've not talked to know what about that. And for years and you're the first one and it made me feel so much better.
Like, like you said,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, yeah. That's how I feel. And I've talked to my mom about it. The artist. I do we being honest and open with people is so much better. Like, yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's like a little came off your back. Right.
Donita McClintic: Yes, yes. And it's so I mean, it's so much easier. Being honest than it is to try to keep things from people. Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking before. But yeah, it is so much better.
Richelle Direny: Think about what we do is we have, you have this book bag on your back. That's kind of the analogy that I think about you have this book bag on your end, you have all these heavy books in your. I don't know if you were when you were a kid, they had, they would give you all this crap.
Donita McClintic: In your book bag and
Richelle Direny: Pork is walking like
Okay, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Sure, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Break your back.
Richelle Direny: And so as you take out all the stuff what happens
Richelle Direny: You go from this to
Richelle Direny: And it's just, yeah. Oh my God, I feel so much better. And that's, like, as you're unloading, all of these things that you've had stored up in this bag, like you said, I'm now being honest, I'm sharing my truth and even though somebody may react to my truth but it's my truth.
Donita McClintic: And my day is
Richelle Direny: Setting me free. And that's what's important, because it's my truth and I want to be set free because ultimately what your truth does it builds your self confidence.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It decreases. A lot of that social anxiety that you have your start working on repairing those very meaningful relationships for you, your parents, your children, and whoever else that you find to be important in life.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, ultimately, it teaches you how to love you and then loving you is ultimately saying I'm choosing me
Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah. And then that's good for everybody around me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's good for everybody around you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And look at you, loving you says
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: You want
Richelle Direny: Me to love you but then how can I love you when you don't even know how to love you.
Donita McClintic: Though right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you understand
Richelle Direny: Yeah. You want me to love you. This way, but then when I do it, you have an issue with it. Well then love me this way, but when I do you have any. So that's the second says don't need to do your love you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're like, Well, no, with it, how you expect me to meet your needs. When you don't even know how to do it.
Richelle Direny: You're either so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and that's honestly
Richelle Direny: So you
Richelle Direny: I saw like on your headline.
Richelle Direny: I choose me bash. I love me.
Donita McClintic: All right.
Richelle Direny: Every day danita. I love you. So, therefore, our choose you.
Richelle Direny: I want to live. And that means that I want to experience what loving me feels like
Richelle Direny: What loving me looks like because when you do that, it's going to help you to get through each of your goals with an understand
Richelle Direny: The true meaning of each of your goals building yourself confidence working on that relationship is meaningful relationships in life. And once you start doing all of that you'll find that your dependency on anything.
Richelle Direny: will dissipate. It's not going to just like all jump up and just walk away. No, you're going to slowly not have the desire and the taste for all of these things that you were once addicted to
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah, I can see it's getting gloomier behind you. Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Got a real dorky
Donita McClintic: Yeah, your sunshine went away.
I love it. Weird.
Richelle Direny: My sunshine is on
Richelle Direny: bright sunshiny day for me today. You're either spot here either. Let me tell you this day when you just say
Richelle Direny: This is a nice day to go recommend the bed and watch a nice show
Donita McClintic: Yep, yep.
Richelle Direny: So,
Donita McClintic: I know I was early signing and then I went, let the dog out well by accident. He kind of ran out the door.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, but
Richelle Direny: I was getting
Richelle Direny: Out how is it good enough now.
Donita McClintic: You know what here everybody. It's like, there is no I mean I can. You mean, like, how do I feel
Donita McClintic: I feel better. It doesn't like if I think about it. Then I like you know I hold back. I don't want to go or whatever. But if I just do it down. All right, I'm okay. Like, I don't get. I don't have the anxiety and whatever, like I did have in the beginning.
Donita McClintic: Like I just go
Donita McClintic: Yeah, like if I think about it. Then I kinda, you know, and I'm not gonna go. But if I just do it then.
Richelle Direny: You're okay.
Richelle Direny: And we think about it, what do you think happens when you think about it.
Donita McClintic: I just I make my worry myself over stuff that I don't even know if it's going to be yeah over, I don't know, over the dumbest stuff like
Donita McClintic: There's gonna be too many people
Donita McClintic: Just start. I don't know why I do it. But that's why I try to tell my son. I'm like, Austin. I just like I have the social anxiety also not as bad as he does, but I was like, you have to just do wait
Donita McClintic: You mean, if you don't start somewhere. You're going to be here forever. So that's what I do. I just, I try not to think about it. And I just go like
Donita McClintic: This has to be done. So I have to do it. So that's how I've been
Donita McClintic: I trick my mind like I tell myself things a lot like when I used to get high. If I didn't have anything that day I would tell myself. I'm one day closer to getting something instead of focusing on. I didn't have anything today. I looked at on one day closer to getting something now.
Richelle Direny: RIGHT HERE. WHAT SO BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THAT JUST TELLS ME. It tells me you have the ability to speak life you have
Richelle Direny: The ability
To
Richelle Direny: What does that say use reverse psychology on yourself to adjust the way you think you have the a bit you have that natural ability to do that. Somewhere along the line you it kind of like, you know, those cartoons. Back in the day, the little evil.
Donita McClintic: You and the little good yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: And just think we all have. We all have that. Just think about that we all have it. So then you, you have to, it means that we have the we do the self talks so like that little good you is that positive speaking positive
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and wife, and then that other one is speaking negativity and often times the negativity speaks much louder than the positivity.
Richelle Direny: Whether the positive. He's just saying, hey, Donnie Yen, like, you know,
Richelle Direny: Think about it for right now, you have to go to the store for your mom and then with the social anxiety. You're like, oh, there's going to be too much people
Richelle Direny: That's what the negative thinking is going to say there's going to be two people. And remember this, and it's going to give you all, you know, positive use gonna say, I'm gonna, you know, Corona out there. So, ain't nobody store.
Donita McClintic: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Positivity is like corona is out there ain't nobody at the store.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so just go
Donita McClintic: Back.
Richelle Direny: And but that's it. That's all the same. But then this other part is just giving you all of these different reasons why you shouldn't be and how you can get sick and you remember on the news. It said so many people died and blah, blah, blah. This that any other
Richelle Direny: But then the positive view is saying.
Richelle Direny: It's just milk.
Richelle Direny: The milk.
Richelle Direny: Right, come back home and abroad.
Richelle Direny: Yes verified. It's seven o'clock in the morning and nobody out there, right.
Richelle Direny: You understand
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and so you have those natural ability to do it. It's just allowing elevate that elevate your ability to think positively elevate your ability to speak life to yourself, because ultimately
Richelle Direny: You're going back to your I choose me and I choose life and in choosing life. I will not allow negative thinking to bring me down.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yep, that's how I mean that's another. That's crazy. I used to think that that way.
Donita McClintic: When I quit methadone I you know I quit cold turkey after 18 months I just quit and I was fine. But then I mean I had to move away because I knew if I, you know, if I felt sick. I could go somewhere and get something in fi, but
Donita McClintic: I just would tell myself, you know, I'm not sick. I don't feel bad, you know, in 10 minutes something different.
Donita McClintic: But that's how I I mean a lot of its physical, but most of its mental and that's, yeah. Yeah.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And the physical because the physical
Donita McClintic: Brings about the physical, yes.
Donita McClintic: Yep. Yeah, and
Richelle Direny: And I think it's just one of those, yes, you want to change your, your
Richelle Direny: The people you're hanging out with you want to change a lot
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but I think ultimately the person who really needs changing is the individual
Richelle Direny: Right. Because, yeah. Hey, you might say, you know, I need to move out of Ohio and I'm going to come to Florida, because there's a lot of drugs in Ohio. So what you think you could why why
Richelle Direny: Hey, George is not in Florida.
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: And the West Palm because ain't nothing
Richelle Direny: It is the capital of work which I talked them out.
Donita McClintic: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So yeah, so so you find we find ourselves running away from ourselves, but the very thing that you're running away from you know it's right, which you all the
Donita McClintic: Time. Yes. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Wakes up with you. It goes to sleep with you. It gets in the shower with you, it goes
Richelle Direny: Everywhere with you so that the person that needs. The thing that needs to change the individual that needs to change is the person you're looking at
Donita McClintic: Right now. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Because you're always gonna, I remember I used to work in a treatment center. And I remember a lot of people would say, like when they're coming like say you're in Hawaii or you're coming to Florida for treatment.
Richelle Direny: And they will say, you know, as soon as I got off the plane, somebody came up to me and they try to offer me and I'm like, Well, how did they and they said it's just something like it's almost like they know
Donita McClintic: They know yeah
Richelle Direny: They know how is it like I hate they like, I don't know what just they know. So here it is, you left, Ohio, because it's the best thing for you to get away from the people and from the area and this that and what did you do
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Hand delivered yourself into something so it has nothing to do all the time.
Richelle Direny: With where you are. It's about you. And are you willing to face those demons are you willing to change here.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because the minute you do that the minute you build your self confidence. The minute you decide to choose you.
Richelle Direny: The minute you choose to love yourself, it means that I love myself enough that this outer garment. I need to love this outer garment and if I love this outer garment. I don't like how this article arm. It looks because of the things that I'm putting in this outer garment.
Richelle Direny: Right, and therefore I'm going to start working on how I treat this outer garment.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it's a lot that we talked about today.
Donita McClintic: Yeah, I had. Yes, I had a good time.
Richelle Direny: I look forward to these. I look forward to this. Yeah. This is why
Richelle Direny: It you find it to be helpful, each time.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, be able to reflect back on it, and it's helping. Yes. Yep.
Richelle Direny: Yep. Okay. And like I said, you always have that extra support if you ever need to, you know, you always send me a message me like a you know what I know we're supposed to me.
Richelle Direny: This they can we meet earlier because like I'm really truly like if you feel like you're really having a rough time and you have this intense desire to us or whatever.
Richelle Direny: Okay, just cool
Richelle Direny: Guys call
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, I need to sort of hold on, let me see if I could schedule your next
Donita McClintic: I can't believe we're going into may
Richelle Direny: I know starting tomorrow wearing. Yeah.
Crazy.
Richelle Direny: We're almost six months in
Donita McClintic: Yeah, may 12 would be my four year wedding anniversary.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Donita McClintic: Yeah, it doesn't bother me. I've not talked to him. He's not he did have someone tried to get ahold of me for him and I blocked him also did
Donita McClintic: For you. Yeah, I didn't respond to this block them. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Good for You don't need a good
Donita McClintic: Mom Yeah, I'm done with that.
Richelle Direny: So then I'm going to do this. I know you said that you know you're you're in a good place. Um, and, you know, it doesn't bother you, but I would guess is what I'm going to do. Let's schedule to meet the same time on the 11th, the day before.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so we can process any emotions that because right now. You feel good.
Richelle Direny: Great. Do you know how it's gonna be like that. Right.
Richelle Direny: Right. So let's, let's check in, um, let's meet on
Richelle Direny: The 11th at 10
OK.
Donita McClintic: And then maybe get on the 13th.
Richelle Direny: Which if you
Richelle Direny: Are you going to come to the Wednesday group, though.
Donita McClintic: Yes, that is, yeah, so that'll be
There.
Donita McClintic: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Chicken.
Richelle Direny: WILL CHECK IN THE BANK before and the day after
Richelle Direny: All that works right
Richelle Direny: Yep. Alright, so I have you 10 o'clock on the 11th. Okay.
Donita McClintic: Okay. All right, then.
Richelle Direny: Are
Donita McClintic: More than but
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes. All right. Thank you. Thanks for show.
Richelle Direny: My. You're welcome. Bye.